{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red77\green77\blue77;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c37475;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14220\viewh14820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Name
\f1\b0 :				
\f0\b \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Anant Singh
\f1\b0 \cf2 \ulnone \

\f0\b Email
\f1\b0 :				\ul asingh34@u.rochester.edu\ulnone \

\f0\b Course
\f1\b0 :				CSC 214 - Mobile App Development - Sumer 2021\

\f0\b Instructor
\f1\b0 :				Arthur Roolfs\

\f0\b TA
\f1\b0 : 					\cf3 Junis Ekmekciu \cf2 \

\f0\b Assignment/Project #
\f1\b0 :	\cf3 \ul Project 2\cf2 \ulnone \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-1444\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 I affirm that I have not given or received any unauthorized help on this assignment, and that this work is my own.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Date
\f1\b0 :					\cf3 \ul 07/14/21\cf2 \ulnone \
\
\
\

\f0\b Description
\f1\b0 :\
\cf3 \'93KeyBuild\'94: This project is supposed to emulate online shopping for specifically just keyboards. The table view cell and two UI view controllers are connected through segues. The table view controller uses core data for the keyboard properties. The functions in the AddViewControler are what facilitate the update of the table view cell. You can navigate through the vc\'92s withe bar button items. the add view controller contains a stepper for quantity selection and a picker for color selection. You also click buttons to determine the size which determines the price as well. \cf2 \

\f0\b Note to TA
\f1\b0 :\
It was all just working then i got a bug saying one of my key values is not compliant and don\'92t think I can fix it. It was working a couple commits ago tho. \
\cf3 ___________________________________________________}